randomizers/random_settings.md, before:

# Random Settings Weights

Below are the weights for the randomized settings. If only one weight is listed, that is the probability that the setting is **on**.

|                 **Setting**                	|                                                           **Weights**                                                           	|
|:------------------------------------------:	|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:	|
|                **Dungeons**                	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|           **Puzzle Secret Caves**          	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|           **Combat Secret Caves**          	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|            **Savage Labyrinth**            	|                                                               35%                                                               	|
|              **Great Fairies**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|               **Free Gifts**               	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|              **Miscellaneous**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|              **Tingle Chests**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Dungeon Secrets**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|            **Short Sidequests**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Long Sidequests**            	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|             **Spoils Trading**             	|                                                               10%                                                               	|
|                  **Mail**                  	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|                **Minigames**               	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|          **Battlesquid Minigame**          	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|           **Expensive Purchases**          	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|             **Island Puzzles**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|       **Lookout Platforms and Rafts**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|               **Submarines**               	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|         **Big Octos and Gunboats**         	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Eye Reef Chests**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
| **Sunken Treasure (From Triforce Charts)** 	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
| **Sunken Treasure (From Treasure Charts)** 	|                                                                5%                                                               	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|               **Sword Mode**               	|                                 60% Start with Hero's Sword, 35% No Starting Sword, 5% Swordless                                	|
|               **Key-Lunacy**               	|                                                               40%                                                               	|
|                **Race Mode**               	|                                                               90%                                                               	|
|      **Number of Race Mode Dungeons**      	|                                             5% 1, 15% 2, 25% 3, 30% 4, 15% 5, 10% 6                                             	|
|      **Triforce Shards to Start With**     	|                                      60% 0, 9% 1, 8% 2, 8% 3, 5% 4, 5% 5, 2% 6, 2% 7, 1% 8                                      	|
|            **Randomize Charts**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|        **Randomize Starting Island**       	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|       **Chest Type Matches Contents**      	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|       **Randomize Dungeon Entrances**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|         **Randomize Boss Entrances**        	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|       **Randomize Miniboss Entrances**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|     **Randomize Secret Cave Entrances**    	|                                                               30%                                                               	|
|      **Randomize Inner Cave Entrances**    	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|    **Randomize Fairy Fountain Entrances**  	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|              **Mix Entrances**             	|                       75% Separate Dungeons From Caves & Fountains, 25% Mix Dungeons & Caves & Fountains                         	|
|             **Hint Placement**             	|                                    80% King of Red Lions, 15% Stone Tablets, 5% Old Man Ho Ho                                   	|
|            **Hint Distribution**           	|                                      100% 6 Path Hints + 6 Barren Hints + 8 Location Hints                                      	|
|              **Cryptic Hints**             	|                                                               0%                                                                	|
|       **Prioritize Remote Locations**        	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|               **Swift Sail**               	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|           **Skip Boss Rematches**          	|                                                               75%                                                               	|
|   **Add Shortcut Warps Between Dungeons**  	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|        **Number of Starting Items**        	|                                             25% 0, 40% 1, 25% 2, 10% 3 [_see below_]                                            	|
|      **Start With Maps And Compasses**     	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|     **Starting Extra Heart Containers**    	|                                                              100% 0                                                             	|
|       **Starting Extra Heart Pieces**      	|                                                              100% 0                                                             	|

\* *If **Dungeons** are on, then the weight for **Skip Boss Rematches** is set to 100%*.

## Additional Starting Items
For starting items, you will always start with the Telescope, Ballad of Gales, and Song of Passing. Depending on the value of _Number of Starting Items_, additional weighted pulls (without replacement) from the following table with be made.

**_Importantly_**, the pool of starting items is dynamically modified based on the settings that were randomly chosen. For every option in the starting item pool, if it contains only items with **_no_** logical implications in the seed, that option is removed and its weight is evenly distributed among the remaining options. For example, if **Spoils Trading** is not on, _Spoils Bag_ is removed from the starting items pool and its weight is redistributed.

|              **Starting Item(s)**              	| **Weight** 	|
|:----------------------------------------------:	|:----------:	|
|            **Progressive Picto Box**           	|    5.60%   	|
|                 **Spoils Bag**                 	|    5.60%   	|
|               **Grappling Hook**               	|    5.60%   	|
|               **Progressive Bow**              	|    5.60%   	|
|               **Power Bracelets**              	|    5.60%   	|
|                 **Iron Boots**                 	|    5.60%   	|
|                  **Bait Bag**                  	|    5.60%   	|
|                  **Boomerang**                 	|    5.60%   	|
|                  **Hookshot**                  	|    5.60%   	|
|                    **Bombs**                   	|    5.60%   	|
|                **Skull Hammer**                	|    5.60%   	|
|                  **Deku Leaf**                 	|    5.60%   	|
|             **Progressive Shield**             	|    5.60%   	|
|                **Empty Bottle**                	|    5.60%   	|
|              **Ghost Ship Chart**              	|    5.60%   	|
|          **Progressive Magic Meter**           	|    5.60%   	|
| **Din's Pearl, Farore's Pearl, Nayru's Pearl** 	|    5.60%   	|
|                **Delivery Bag**                	|    1.16%   	|
|          **Delivery Bag, Note to Mom**         	|    0.91%   	|
|        **Delivery Bag, Maggie's Letter**       	|    0.91%   	|
|        **Delivery Bag, Moblin's Letter**       	|    0.91%   	|
|          **Delivery Bag, Cabana Deed**         	|    0.91%   	|

Commit message:

Update random settings doc for new random starting item implementation

randomizers/random_settings.md, after:

# Random Settings Weights

Below are the weights for the randomized settings. If only one weight is listed, that is the probability that the setting is **on**.

|                 **Setting**                	|                                                           **Weights**                                                           	|
|:------------------------------------------:	|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:	|
|                **Dungeons**                	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|           **Puzzle Secret Caves**          	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|           **Combat Secret Caves**          	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|            **Savage Labyrinth**            	|                                                               35%                                                               	|
|              **Great Fairies**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|               **Free Gifts**               	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|              **Miscellaneous**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|              **Tingle Chests**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Dungeon Secrets**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|            **Short Sidequests**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Long Sidequests**            	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|             **Spoils Trading**             	|                                                               10%                                                               	|
|                  **Mail**                  	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|                **Minigames**               	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|          **Battlesquid Minigame**          	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|           **Expensive Purchases**          	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
|             **Island Puzzles**             	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|       **Lookout Platforms and Rafts**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|               **Submarines**               	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|         **Big Octos and Gunboats**         	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|             **Eye Reef Chests**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
| **Sunken Treasure (From Triforce Charts)** 	|                                                               20%                                                               	|
| **Sunken Treasure (From Treasure Charts)** 	|                                                                5%                                                               	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|               **Sword Mode**               	|                                 60% Start with Hero's Sword, 35% No Starting Sword, 5% Swordless                                	|
|               **Key-Lunacy**               	|                                                               40%                                                               	|
|                **Race Mode**               	|                                                               90%                                                               	|
|      **Number of Race Mode Dungeons**      	|                                             5% 1, 15% 2, 25% 3, 30% 4, 15% 5, 10% 6                                             	|
|      **Triforce Shards to Start With**     	|                                      60% 0, 9% 1, 8% 2, 8% 3, 5% 4, 5% 5, 2% 6, 2% 7, 1% 8                                      	|
|            **Randomize Charts**            	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|        **Randomize Starting Island**       	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|       **Chest Type Matches Contents**      	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|       **Randomize Dungeon Entrances**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|         **Randomize Boss Entrances**        	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|       **Randomize Miniboss Entrances**      	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|     **Randomize Secret Cave Entrances**    	|                                                               30%                                                               	|
|      **Randomize Inner Cave Entrances**    	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|    **Randomize Fairy Fountain Entrances**  	|                                                               50%                                                               	|
|              **Mix Entrances**             	|                       75% Separate Dungeons From Caves & Fountains, 25% Mix Dungeons & Caves & Fountains                         	|
|             **Hint Placement**             	|                                    80% King of Red Lions, 15% Stone Tablets, 5% Old Man Ho Ho                                   	|
|            **Hint Distribution**           	|                                      100% 6 Path Hints + 6 Barren Hints + 8 Location Hints                                      	|
|              **Cryptic Hints**             	|                                                               0%                                                                	|
|       **Prioritize Remote Locations**        	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|               **Swift Sail**               	|                                                               100%                                                              	|
|           **Skip Boss Rematches**          	|                                                               75%                                                               	|
|   **Add Shortcut Warps Between Dungeons**  	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|                                            	|                                                                                                                                 	|
|        **Number of Starting Items**        	|                                             25% 0, 40% 1, 25% 2, 10% 3 [_see below_]                                            	|
|      **Start With Maps And Compasses**     	|                                                               80%                                                               	|
|     **Starting Extra Heart Containers**    	|                                                              100% 0                                                             	|
|       **Starting Extra Heart Pieces**      	|                                                              100% 0                                                             	|

\* *If **Dungeons** are on, then the weight for **Skip Boss Rematches** is set to 100%*.

## Additional Starting Items
For starting items, you will always start with the Telescope, Ballad of Gales, and Song of Passing. Depending on the value of _Number of Starting Items_, additional starting items will be added to the pool.

Almost all progression items can be added as a starting item, with a few exceptions:
* Triforce shards cannot be random starting items (but the number of starting triforce shards is still randomized according to the table above)
* Swords can only be a random starting item when starting with the Hero's Sword
* Delivery bag items can only be a random starting item if you already have the delivery bag (in random settings, that's only if >1 starting item and the delivery bag is also one of them)

Groups of items (Goddess Pearls, Tingle Statues) are counted as a single item if all of them are progression, and added all at once. If only some of them are progression (eg pearls when TotG entrance is not required) the subset that are progression are added individually
